name name of file
section
user functionality
explain how i fulfilled requirements
design decisions
above and beyond
failed requirements

T.J. Tarazevirs IGME 202.02

User Functionality:
Press 'c' to spawn a cloud at the bottom of the screen
Press 'w' to speed up the clouds
Press 's' tp slow down the clouds

Fulfilled Requirements:
The scene contains a raft moving down a river
The raft has 6 animated oars

The river moves up the screen giving a sense of movement
The raft moves with the river according to the noise function

The shape of the river is generated with a perlin noise function
The birds move downwards with directed randomness
The clouds are made of randomized circles with a randomized relative positions
Birds spawn at the top of the screen according to a gaussian distribution

Design Decisions:
The raft is animated using 6 oars, 3 on each side.
I used perlin noise to create a unique river for the raft to paddle down.
The program includes multiple clsses in which the raft, birds, and clouds are separated. 
The river class displays the river as well as the birds and clouds
The main class is minimal, only initializing the river and raft and calling display on raft and river during
each draw call

Above and Beyond:
I added user input to the program. Cloud speed can be controlled  within predefined limits.
I also created a FIFO(First In First Out) data structure using ArrayList. This allowed me to add a new bottom row
of river and remove the top row once it scrolls off the top of the screen. This limits memory usuage during river 
generation

Failed Requirements:
Main issue is that the raft sometimes clip through the shore. This is because the actual river is created
using lines extending out from the center line. Therefore I couldn't constrain the raft inside the river using
the river's width. I instead used the same time and timestep values for the raft's position. Because I didn't want
to offset it to either the left or right side of the centerline, I offset it from the far left border into the middle.
It generally follows the flow of the river while occassionally clipping.