T.J. Tarazevits
IGME 202 Section 2

Humans vs Zombies B

List of user functionality:
- Upper screen features interaction menu
--Debug: displays debug information
--Spawn Human: creates a new Human in a random location on the screen
--Spawn Zombie: creates a new Zombie in a random location on the screen
--Increase Human MaxSpeed: Increases the maximum velocity of humans, allowing them to escape zombies better
--Decrease Human MaxSpeed: Decreases the maximum velocity of humans, allowing zombies to catch them
--Sim++: Increases simulation speed
--Sim--: Decreases simulation speed; limited at 1 fps

Reasoning behind design choices:
I created a Menu object to display the UI elements. It has an ArrayList of Buttons that it displays. This allowed
me to separate the display code and click checking of buttons in the Button class and include button interaction
in the menu class. 

I created a PImage array to allow for a moving animation for the humans. This array is initalized at runtime and
 passed to new instances of Humans so that the images only have to be loaded once at startup.

I am using the Java2D renderer because the default Processing renderer gave poor performance with the number of PImages
and Text I wanted to use.

Zombies are not animated because I coud not find an easy sprite set for them. Also I was using a .svg for the zombie but
rendering performance was unacceptable. Current implementation uses a .jpg but doesn't rotate well.

Brief description of above and beyond features:
Simulation can be slowed down or sped up using UI buttons. Zombies and humans can be spawned at will using the appropriate
UI buttons. Human maxVelocity can be modified to shift the advantage to the human or zombie side. 

Debug Mode: Collision circles represented by red circles. Right Vector represented by green line, Forward vector represented
by red line. Blue circle represents wander target. Blue line represents obstacle being avoided. Green line represents line to
current target. Green circle represents pursue and evade target position.

Assets
Zombies: http://opengameart.org/content/zombie-rpg-sprites
Humans: http://unluckystudio.com/free-top-down-shooterplayer-sprites/
Trees: http://kenney.nl/assets/topdown-tanks

Requirements not completed:

Vehicles sometimes get stuck when two obstacles are close together in front of the vehicle.
